PARTY PACK

Each player assembles a six pack of the following contents:
    2, 5oz Glasses of Wine
    2, 12oz Beers,
    2, Shots of Liquor

Players take turns drawing tasks, the task is read allowed. Each player revives a number of stars for completing the challange.

    1rst Place => 3 Stars
    2nd Place => 2 Stars
    3rd Place => 1 Star

RiddleLords Shop of Horror's

    1 Star => Player may consume 1 drink from their PARTY PACK.
    2 Stars => Player may sway one of their drinks with an oppenents.
    3 Stars => Player may add a drink to an opposing players PARTY PACK.
    3 Stars => Player may remove 1 drink from their PARTY PACK.
    4 Stars => Player gets 1 pt.

First Player to finish their PARTY PACK wins!

Winning player gets 3 points and 1 ZORK!
    *Player with the most total stars is the winner. If tied a dice roll determines the winner.


PARTY PACK TASKS:

    1. Players have 1 minute to find the largest object they can carry, and return to the spot they are standing. Largest Object Wins!
    2. Players have 5 minutes to build a tower out of the surrounding objects. Tallest Tower Wins!
    3. Players set a 1 minute timer. The player with the most shoes at the end of the timer wins!
    4. Each player sets a stopwatch. The players have 1 minute to touch the player reading this. The player reading this has a 10 second head start.
        *If the person running remains untagged, they get 3 stars.
    5. The player reading this throws an object as far as they can. Players race to be the first to touch the object. First player to touch it wins!
    6. Players have 1 minute to find an object with a number on it.Highest number wins!
    7. First Player to draw the following shape wins!
        *Shape determined by player reading!
    8. Players have 1 minute to adequitly perform a household chore. Fastest to complete a task wins. Tasks are determined the adequite by the homeowner.
    9. Hydrate! Players have 2 minutes to consume the most water! Winner is the player who finishes the most solo cups of water!
    10. Players make a paper airplane and throw it, the farthest distance wins!
    11. Players have 2 minutes to find loose change. The player with the highest total $ at the end of the timer wins. (All change must be returned to the rightful owne at the end of the game). 